                                Advisory #: 42
Title: Vulnerability Report For Voyant Technologies Sonata Conferencing product
Author:Larry W. Cashdollar, @_larry0
Date: 2000-10-31
Download Site: http://www.voyanttechnology.com/
Vendor:Voyant Technologies.
Vendor Notified: 2000-10-13
Vendor Contact: vulnhelp@securityfocus.com
Description: Sonata is a teleconfrencing solution developed by Voyant
Technologies. This advisory concerns the Sonata application server and bridge
componet of the Sonata package. The application server is an Ultra Sparc 5
running Solaris 2.x as required by Voyant technologies. The bridge is an IBM PC
running OS/2 Warp. These hosts are usually built in house by Voyant personnel
and installed at customer locations by a field engineer.
Vulnerability:
Six vulnerabilities have been found in the application server host and Sonata
package, they are categorized below: Reused default user accounts and
passwords. Easily guessable passwords. Poor file permissions. Lack of host
hardening. X console authentication has been disabled. Hard coded default
passwords. Sonata v3.x on Solaris 2.x. Sonata bridge OS/2 Warp.
CVE-
JSON:Export
Exploit Code:
   1. I. Application Server, Solaris 2.x
   2.  
   3. By using available default services on the host an attacker can enumerate
      accounts. Using this easily obtainable account information combined with
      poor password selection and weak file permissions a remote attacker can
      gain root access. The passwords guessed are the default for all
      installations of Sonata.
   4.  
   5. By default xhost authentication is disabled allowing a remote attacker to
      log key strokes and capture screen shots of the X console.
   6.  
   7. II. Bridging Server, OS/2 Warp.
   8.  
   9. These default passwords are also re-used on the bridging host (OS/2).
      Which has telnet enabled for remote administration.
  10.  
  11. I am not going to detail the exploit because the methods used to access
      these systems are only the most basic information gathering techniques
      one would use to audit a host.
  12.  
Screen Shots:
Advisory: http://www.vapid.dhs.org/advisories/
voyant_technologies_sonata_vulnerabilities.html
